README.md, before:

#Countly [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/Countly/countly-server.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Countly/countly-server) [![Install Countly on DigitalOcean](http://do.count.ly/button.svg?v2)](http://do.count.ly)

* **We're hiring:** Countly is looking for Android SDK developers, full stack devs, devops and growth hackers (remote work). [Click this link for job description](https://angel.co/countly/jobs/)
* **Slack user?** [Join our Slack community](http://slack.count.ly:3000/)
* **Questions?** [Ask in our Community forum](http://community.count.ly)

##What's Countly?
[Countly](http://count.ly) is an innovative, real-time, open source mobile & [web analytics](http://count.ly/web-analytics), [push notifications](http://count.ly/push-notifications) and [crash reporting](http://count.ly/crash-reports) platform powering nearly 3000 mobile applications. It collects data from mobile phones, tablets, Apple Watch and other internet-connected devices, and visualizes this information to analyze mobile application usage and end-user behavior. 

With the help of [Javascript SDK](http://github.com/countly/countly-sdk-web), Countly is a web analytics platform with features on par with mobile SDKs. For more information about web analytics capabilities, [see this link](http://count.ly/web-analytics).

There are two parts of Countly: the server that collects and analyzes data, and an SDK (mobile, web or desktop) that sends this data. This repository includes Countly Community Edition (server side). For more information other versions (e.g Enterprise Edition), see [comparison of different Countly editions](https://count.ly/compare)

![Countly dashboard screenshot](https://count.ly/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/countly_dashboard_community_16.06.png)

##What can Countly track? 

[Countly](http://count.ly) supports top-notch devices, including iOS, Android, Windows Phone and web apps. You can find a list of [official and community supported Countly SDK libraries here](https://count.ly/resources/source/download-sdk). Each SDK has its own installation instructions.

##Installing & upgrading Countly server

There are several ways to install Countly: 

1. The following command will download and install Countly on your **Ubuntu** or **CentOS** server. 

    wget -qO- http://c.ly/install | bash

2. If you have a Digital Ocean account, [click here and install on Digital Ocean](http://do.count.ly) with a single click.

3. For bash lovers, we provide a beautiful installation script (`bin/countly.install.sh`) in countly-server package which installs everything required to run Countly Server. For this, you need a stable release of this repository [available here](https://github.com/Countly/countly-server/releases). 

4. Countly also has Docker support - [see our official Docker repository](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/countly/countly-server/) and [installation instructions for Docker](http://resources.count.ly/docs/installing-countly-server)

If you want to upgrade Countly from a previous version, please take a look at [upgrading documentation](resources.count.ly/v1.0/docs/upgrading-countly-server).

##Dependencies

We develop and test Countly on Ubuntu with MongoDB, Node.js and Nginx. Installation script only needs a clean, decent Ubuntu Linux without any services listening to port 80 and takes care of every library and software required to be installed on Ubuntu Linux. 

##API & Frontend

Countly has a [well defined API](http://resources.count.ly), that reads from or writes to Node.js. Dashboard is built using this API, so it's possible to fetch any kind of information from Node process directly using Countly API. For those who are interested with building their own dashboard; important files are:

- `frontend/express/app.js`, Countly dashboard that runs on Express server 
- `frontend/express/public/javascripts/countly`, that contains seperate helper js files for each data visualization
- `countly.session.js`, responsible for calculating session related metrics and 
- `api/api.js`, which is Countly write and read API. 

Countly is extensible with [plugins](http://count.ly/plugins). We suggest [you read this document](http://resources.count.ly/docs/plugins-development-introduction) and start writing your plugin. We support companies with know-how in need to write their own plugins.

##How can I help you with your efforts?

1. Fork this repo
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-super-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some cool feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-super-feature`)
5. Create a new pull request

Also, you are encouraged to read an extended contribution section on [how to contribute to Countly](https://github.com/Countly/countly-server/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

And, if you liked Countly, [why not use one of our badges](https://count.ly/brand-assets/) and give a link back to us, so others know about this wonderful platform? 

![Light badge](https://count.ly/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/countly_badge_5.png)  ![Dark badge](https://count.ly/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/countly_badge_6.png)

##Links

* [General product information](http://count.ly/product)
* [Questions? Ask our forum](http://community.count.ly)
* [Slack user? Come chat with us](http://slack.count.ly:3000)
* [Documentation & API reference guide](http://resources.count.ly)
* [Comparison of Countly editions](https://count.ly/compare)
* [White labeling & rebranding options](https://count.ly/whitelabel-analytics/)
* [Extended list of Enterprise Edition features](https://count.ly/enterprise-edition-features), including crash reports, referral analytics, user profiles, geolocations with push, detailed segmentation, funnels, real-time dashboard and more.

Commit message:

updates about security and "built with" section

README.md, after:

#Countly [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/Countly/countly-server.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Countly/countly-server) [![Install Countly on DigitalOcean](http://do.count.ly/button.svg?v2)](http://do.count.ly)

* **We're hiring:** Countly is looking for Android SDK developers, full stack devs, devops and growth hackers (remote work). [Click this link for job description](https://angel.co/countly/jobs/)
* **Slack user?** [Join our Slack community](http://slack.count.ly:3000/)
* **Questions?** [Ask in our Community forum](http://community.count.ly)

##What's Countly?
[Countly](http://count.ly) is an innovative, real-time, open source mobile & [web analytics](http://count.ly/web-analytics), [push notifications](http://count.ly/push-notifications) and [crash reporting](http://count.ly/crash-reports) platform powering nearly 3000 mobile applications. It collects data from mobile phones, tablets, Apple Watch and other internet-connected devices, and visualizes this information to analyze mobile application usage and end-user behavior. 

With the help of [Javascript SDK](http://github.com/countly/countly-sdk-web), Countly is a web analytics platform with features on par with mobile SDKs. For more information about web analytics capabilities, [see this link](http://count.ly/web-analytics).

There are two parts of Countly: the server that collects and analyzes data, and an SDK (mobile, web or desktop) that sends this data. This repository includes Countly Community Edition (server side). For more information other versions (e.g Enterprise Edition), see [comparison of different Countly editions](https://count.ly/compare)

![Countly dashboard screenshot](https://count.ly/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/countly_dashboard_community_16.06.png)

##What can Countly track? 

[Countly](http://count.ly) supports top-notch devices, including iOS, Android, Windows Phone and web apps. You can find a list of [official and community supported Countly SDK libraries here](https://count.ly/resources/source/download-sdk). Each SDK has its own installation instructions.

##Built with 

* **MongoDB** One of the most popular NoSQL databases
* **Node.js** An open-source, cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment for developing a diverse variety of tools and applications.
* **Express.js** Popular Node.js web application framework 
* **Linux** What we love using ;-)

Plus lots of open source libraries!

##Security

We take security very seriously at Countly. Community Edition code is 100% open source and peer reviewed. We ensure nobody's Countly instance is ever compromised or hacked. If you wish to report a security issue, please email security@count.ly

##Installing & upgrading Countly server

We develop and test Countly on Ubuntu with MongoDB, Node.js and Nginx. Installation script only needs a clean, decent Ubuntu Linux without any services listening to port 80 or 443 (which should also be not blocked), and takes care of every library and software required to be installed on Ubuntu Linux. 

There are several ways to install Countly: 

1. The following command will download and install Countly on your **Ubuntu** or **CentOS** server. 

    wget -qO- http://c.ly/install | bash

2. If you have a Digital Ocean account, [click here and install on Digital Ocean](http://do.count.ly) with a single click.

3. For bash lovers, we provide a beautiful installation script (`bin/countly.install.sh`) in countly-server package which installs everything required to run Countly Server. For this, you need a stable release of this repository [available here](https://github.com/Countly/countly-server/releases). 

4. Countly also has Docker support - [see our official Docker repository](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/countly/countly-server/) and [installation instructions for Docker](http://resources.count.ly/docs/installing-countly-server)

If you want to upgrade Countly from a previous version, please take a look at [upgrading documentation](resources.count.ly/v1.0/docs/upgrading-countly-server).

##API & Frontend

Countly has a [well defined API](http://resources.count.ly), that reads from or writes to Node.js. Dashboard is built using this API, so it's possible to fetch any kind of information from Node process directly using Countly API. For those who are interested with building their own dashboard; important files are:

- `frontend/express/app.js`, Countly dashboard that runs on Express server 
- `frontend/express/public/javascripts/countly`, that contains seperate helper js files for each data visualization
- `countly.session.js`, responsible for calculating session related metrics and 
- `api/api.js`, which is Countly write and read API. 

##Extensibility & plugins 

Countly is extensible with [plugins](http://count.ly/plugins). We suggest [you read this document](http://resources.count.ly/docs/plugins-development-introduction) and start writing your plugin. We support companies with know-how in need to write their own plugins.

##How can I help you with your efforts?

1. Fork this repo
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-super-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some cool feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-super-feature`)
5. Create a new pull request

Also, you are encouraged to read an extended contribution section on [how to contribute to Countly](https://github.com/Countly/countly-server/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

And, if you liked Countly, [why not use one of our badges](https://count.ly/brand-assets/) and give a link back to us, so others know about this wonderful platform? 

![Light badge](https://count.ly/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/countly_badge_5.png)  ![Dark badge](https://count.ly/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/countly_badge_6.png)

##Links

* [General product information](http://count.ly/product)
* [Questions? Ask our forum](http://community.count.ly)
* [Slack user? Come chat with us](http://slack.count.ly:3000)
* [Documentation & API reference guide](http://resources.count.ly)
* [Comparison of Countly editions](https://count.ly/compare)
* [White labeling & rebranding options](https://count.ly/whitelabel-analytics/)
* [Extended list of Enterprise Edition features](https://count.ly/enterprise-edition-features), including crash reports, referral analytics, user profiles, geolocations with push, detailed segmentation, funnels, real-time dashboard and more.
